[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Disinformation-- it's used
daily with the public,
but also within secret programs.
Emery, welcome back.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
>>GEORGE: I mean, these
disinformation programs--
specifically, what are they?
>>SMITH: A
disinformation program
is run constantly all the
time through the military,
in the public's eye, and also
in compartmentalized projects,
especially when it has
to do with intelligence,
and things that are trying to
hide from other compartments.
So one of the first
times I was ever
introduced to disinformation--
it was actually
told to me that all
of the beings that I worked on--
about 3% of them will be fake.
And that I will not know
what is and what isn't.
And I'm not allowed to ask that
either, if this is a fake one.
And that's just
thrown in there to see
if you're going to be
keeping your mouth shut
and to monitor other people
that are in the projects to see.
You might come and look
at a craft, let's say.
And they might put
something on the craft that
doesn't fit in just right,
just to see how you're going
to react to it with everyone.
Even though you're not part
of that exact piece of craft,
just to see the response, to
listen to you at the cafeteria,
to listen to you on your phone
calls and things like this.
So disinformation is
actually part of the contract
that you sign when
you're down in there,
that you're not
getting disinformation,
but you will be exposed to it.
>>GEORGE: Do they ever
try to correct it?
>>SMITH: Well, not
so much correct it.
They don't ever tell
you what they did.
A good example of this is-- this
happens a lot and I've heard it
not only through myself, but
many of my colleagues working
in this underground facility,
where you'll see a being maybe
10 meters away or a little bit
more, where it's just out of--
>>GEORGE: Just far enough--
>>SMITH: Just far enough.
>>GEORGE: --away, right?
>>SMITH: Like two
security guards
walking a reptilian-looking
creature through the hallway
and making it very obvious.
>>GEORGE: It could be somebody
in a costume to trick you?
>>SMITH: Right.
Exactly.
And this is just in case.
If you do defect
when you get out,
or you do things like
this, that people
aren't going to believe you.
They want you to
seem a little kooky.
They want to see if you're
going to take this route,
and make a book about it,
and explain what you saw,
and if you're going to
share that information
with other countries, and
agencies, and things like this.
Because you're
always followed when
you get out of these projects
for about 25, 30 years.
And you do get visits
every now and then,
just to let you know
that they are watching,
and that you haven't
messed up too much.
And I never say anything that's
going to endanger the public,
or myself, or you, for
instance, or the organizations
that I work with right now.
A lot of the stuff that I
talk about, believe it or not,
it's kind of old school, old
knowledge from the late '80s
and early '90s.
So they're more upset
about me talking about ways
to cure yourself or ways
to create free energy,
than me talking about
extraterrestrials whatsoever.
>>GEORGE: Are these
disinformation programs
also aimed at the public?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
A lot of the things--
like for instance,
the Roswell crash.
The Roswell crash was a
great example of that.
First, you had the honest
to God truth come out
about all the documentation
and then following up,
oh, weather balloon.
All these things are there
to mislead the public.
>>GEORGE: They're
dummies, right?
Dummies.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And that's what it's-- there's
people actually hired on these
specific, compartmentalized
projects to write things up
and to leave files around to see
if you're going to go open it,
and look at it, or look
it up on the computer,
and read something that's
actually completely fake.
>>GEORGE: Why do they have
these disinformation programs?
Is it primarily to distort
the fact from the truth?
>>SMITH: Not necessarily.
Most of the time it's for
intelligence and security
of the people, all the
employees, and everyone
working for them.
>>GEORGE: They
don't trust anyone.
>>SMITH: They don't--
no one trusts no one.
So they do that as far as
keeping everyone in check.
And at the same time,
a lot of these stories
actually leak out to the media
or to the public by choice.
They allow this
stuff to slip out.
They allow this person
to have this file.
And then this person
five years later
releases it to someone else.
And then they make it
into a world known,
because it has the seal of
the United States Army on it.
>>GEORGE: Right.
Of course.
>>SMITH: And I hate to say that.
But there's a lot of
paperwork out there
that I know my colleagues
have had in the past--
may or may not be real.
It's really hard to decipher
what is and what isn't.
Because it might be a real
document with a seal on it,
but it might not
be the real letter.
It might be a staged event.
>>GEORGE: Gosh, they
go to all this extreme?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Who comes up
with these programs?
Who develops these?
>>SMITH: Well, they have
actually organizations
that are specifically
hired and contracted out
to write storylines
and think way ahead
into the future, George.
Not just like, oh, well,
we want this message
to go out next month.
I'm talking 5, 10, 15,
20 years, that they
have just an amazing
amount of disinformation
ready to be distributed, not
only amongst the military
itself, amongst
their commanders,
but to the general
public as well.
>>GEORGE: Is it propaganda?
>>SMITH: Well, it is
propaganda in a way,
because a lot of
these things-- maybe
they need to fight an unknown
terrorist to make money
for a lot of these
organizations.
Or maybe they need to
go to war for something.
Or maybe they need to plan
on a fake space invasion,
or an asteroid may be coming.
So we need money to
go up there and build
these special satellites with
missiles on them, let's say,
when we already have
all that stuff up there.
It's just a way to shift the
general public's attention,
because there's really
something really serious
going on down here.
And we don't want no
one to know about that.
>>GEORGE: Would you call
that today's fake news--
this disinformation?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
I mean, this is definitely
the fake news of the planet.
It's not just here.
It's all over.
I mean, look what happened
with The Disclosure Project.
And a few months later,
they take the towers down.
So it's a shift
of, whoa, we can't
have the astronauts
on this world press,
the world's largest watch--
press movement talking
about this stuff,
because now we're going
to have to answer to this.
So let's get the timeline
up on this other project
and get everyone shifted
into being Americans
and saving the world
against terrorists.
So it's all this shifting of
your attention to something
that's really, really important.
The world's biggest
story is going on,
but we don't want you to
know about that just yet.
>>GEORGE: It's like the
sleight of hand, isn't it?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Have you been used in
these kinds of disinformation
programs?
>>SMITH: I've never been used.
My stories that I tell you
are exactly how I see them.
Exactly how I was involved
with these corporations
and the government.
No one has ever approached me
to say this, that, or the other.
I mean, I am a solo renegade--
>>GEORGE: But you've been--
>>SMITH: --person.
>>GEORGE: --in these programs?
>>SMITH: Not the
disinformation programs.
I worked in programs where
they had disinformants
there to make sure--
>>GEORGE: And you knew that?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes, I definitely knew that.
They even came forward on a
couple contracts and said,
you will have disinformed
information for security
and intelligence reasons.
>>GEORGE: How did
you feel about that?
>>SMITH: It was fine.
Because even though
I've operated
on beings and maybe 3%
of them were definitely
not what they supposedly
were, the rest of the 97%
is pretty amazing.
>>GEORGE: Was there somebody
specifically involved
with these people that they
planted for disinformation?
One would call them
handlers, for example?
>>SMITH: Not that I'm aware of.
I never was assigned a
person to watch over me.
I have, right now,
scientific advisors,
and military advisors,
and instructors
that I worked with a long time
ago that are still my friends.
And I just have the
utmost respect for them.
And they kind of say,
hey, Emery, maybe you
shouldn't talk about this,
or that, or the other.
But they're all looking out
for my best interest and also
my safety.
>>GEORGE: Is disinformation
healthy and important?
>>SMITH: I don't see a positive
thing about this information,
unless it has to do with
keeping the intelligence
of some sort of item that
could be used against us.
I think that would be the
only beneficial thing.
Because it's better to be
truthful about-- to the public,
especially, about what's
really going on out there.
But if you're using it for your
own benefit and to dumb down
the public, then I think it's
like the most horrible thing
you could do to a civilization,
by suppressing them and holding
them up.
I mean, look at Tesla
and Stubblefield
since 1899 and how they were
attacked and suppressed.
By now, we should already
have our flying cars,
anti-gravitic devices,
and our zero-point energy
devices for everyone.
>>GEORGE: Well, it's almost
like we have companies
within the programs to develop
these kinds of disinformation
programs.
>>SMITH: Well, it's about
money, and it's about ego,
and it's about control.
They want to protect their
intellectual properties.
They want to protect
their secret devices,
whether it's aircraft, or a
healing device, or whatnot.
So these corporations are also--
like you said, within them
they have disinformation just
for the employees, just so
no one steps out of line.
And it's sad.
Because sometimes
these employees
will get this
information, report it
to the public, which they
didn't really want to happen.
They didn't know that
was going to happen.
And then it sets off a trigger.
This is like the
ticking time bomb.
And then that information
gets over to another country.
And now, people
are hiring people
to kill people to get
this information--
>>GEORGE: Geez.
>>SMITH: --when the
information doesn't even exist
or the device.
>>GEORGE: Take this
with all due respect,
but how do we know you're
not a disinformation guy?
How do we know that?
>>SMITH: Well, the only way
I can say is to look at me,
check all my credentials.
I'm the only person that
came up here with credentials
from the colonels and captains.
And I have my DD Form 214.
I'm probably one of
the only insiders that
actually came
forward with hundreds
of papers, which Gaia has--
I've been checked out recently.
Michael Salla just did a
huge background check on me,
which I was really nervous.
>>GEORGE: And he's
very thorough.
>>SMITH: He was
very thorough on me.
He flew in from
Hawaii-- did this--
he took me out to dinner.
I was really nervous.
And I brought all my paperwork.
And he wasn't even
prepared for that.
And he's taking pictures of
every certificate I have.
And he went beyond that.
And once he left, he actually
went to Stanford University
and went to Harvard University--
contacted the physicians there
that I had helped develop a lot
of my patents with and stuff.
And these people all
spoke very highly of me.
They said, yeah, this
is the real Emery Smith.
He did develop these devices--
was part of all these
medical testings of curing
these things and those things.
And then he was
also investigated
at Kirtland Air Force Base and
other military installations.
And all my commanders have
given me the highest regards.
And so he wrote a big
paper on that, which that
helps the public understand.
>>GEORGE: Absolutely.
That makes them comfortable.
>>SMITH: I'm going
to tell the public.
As I'm talking to
you, you really
can't believe
anything anyone says.
You can't believe
anything you read.
anything you see.
And I know this because I
know the satellites that
can project something
right here with a shadow
and reflect light.
And you will honest to
God think that's real,
because we use our senses.
>>GEORGE: Right.
You have in the past said that
there was information that you
were authorized to disclose.
Who gave you that permission?
>>SMITH: Well, I'm still--
>>GEORGE: Can you tell us?
>>SMITH: I was under NDAs with
corporations, not the military.
The military-- I just knew
what I could and could not
say for an amount of time.
So no one actually called.
I just waited a good 20
years for this to go by.
And I know what I
can and cannot say.
And in time, there's going to
be more and more information.
I'm still here talking
to you guys every week,
trying to get this
information out,
trying to educate the
public that there's
a lot going on that can help the
world and clean up the planet.
And that's my main goal.
I'm not here for anything
else, but actually
to clean up the planet, and
try to get the beat on all
these diseases around the
world, and stop the hunger,
and stop all the killing.
Because we're not
going to get anywhere.
And the planet's getting
really upset with us.
So my main goal is not
about telling the world,
oh, well, there's these
secret bases and ETs exist.
Yeah, that's true.
I think everyone
already knows that.
>>GEORGE: That's out there.
>>SMITH: But that has to do
with the technologies they
are suppressing that we
need to help each other
and help the world.
Because if we had all
these technologies,
we wouldn't need
gas, coal, and oil.
We wouldn't be
fighting each other.
We'd be more as a
conscious collective trying
to help the planet
and help each other.
And that's where I'm trying to
shift this, just in education
alone.
>>GEORGE: But who authorized
you to disclose this?
>>SMITH: There is no
authorization for me.
>>GEORGE: No
individual from above?
>>SMITH: No individual
ever came to me.
I just knew what I could and
could not say since day one
and I'm doing it.
There was never a phone call
from a corporation that says,
oh, well, you can do this.
I never had a call from my
ex-commander saying da, da, da,
da, da.
>>GEORGE: But what if
you said the wrong thing?
Who would come down on you?
>>SMITH: I would not know.
But you guys would know,
because I'd be dead.
>>GEORGE: It could
be that serious?
>>SMITH: Oh, absolutely.
>>GEORGE: If you
said the wrong thing?
>>SMITH: Well, if I
said the wrong thing
and maybe slipped
up a couple times,
I'll get a slap on the hand.
And who's slapping
me on the hand?
Well, they might take
a family member's life,
my best friend's life, maybe my
dog, just as a little message.
So these threats are real.
And I was working
on some things.
And maybe I was
saying some things
I shouldn't have been,
not on TV, by the way.
Just on the phone
with other colleagues.
And they sure did
come down on me.
>>GEORGE: Do you know
who they might be?
>>SMITH: It's definitely a
clandestine, major corporation
that has intellectual
property I might be affecting.
>>GEORGE: It sounds like
you know who they are
and for obvious reasons,
you can't disclose.
>>SMITH: They're a
very large entity,
and it's made up of major
corporations all over.
I don't know specifically
who they are.
But I just know that
they're out there
because I have been warned.
I have had text messages
and phone calls.
>>GEORGE: They mean business.
>>SMITH: And things were--
they're calling me up.
I mean, one time they drove
by my house in a white van.
The two guys in tactical outfits
got out, waved their MP5s at me
and just pointed at me.
And then I knew I might
have did something,
or said something to
someone I shouldn't have.
>>GEORGE: Were they wearing
masks or anything like that?
>>SMITH: Oh, yes.
Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Oh, they were?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Just
wanted you to know
that if you stepped
outside of the boundaries,
they know where you live.
>>SMITH: Oh, they do.
There's no hiding
from any of these.
You cannot hide
from these things.
>>GEORGE: Emery, on previous
"Cosmic Disclosure" shows,
you've talked a lot about ETs
and what's happening there.
Are they trying to
give us disinformation
about the
extraterrestrial presence?
Are they trying to hide that?
>>SMITH: They're not trying
to give disinformation so much
as not giving the information
of their existence.
All the countries have released
all their documents for UFOs,
but no one talks about it.
Only in the United
States of America--
have not yet
released everything.
I wonder why.
>>GEORGE: Because there's too
many good things to release,
right?
>>SMITH: Well, that's
why we need everyone
to go out and find
out for themselves.
Don't believe in
what I'm saying.
I'm not here to convince
anybody of all the stuff I've
been through.
I'm here to expose
a couple of things,
so we can work together
in a scientific community,
to develop these things
without the government
and get it out to the world
to help heal the world.
>>GEORGE: What about
false flag programs tied
into ETs and things like that?
Have they set us up with
different kinds of false flags?
>>SMITH: Well, I
think by looking
online at a lot of
certain other countries.
Or it could be our
country writing a paper--
writing a letter
in Bolivia saying--
or showing a video of an
extraterrestrial tied up
and being interviewed.
These are disinformation
campaigns.
They would not really
allow that to happen.
Or it would be taken off
within the first hour
of it being downloaded.
>>GEORGE: And they're
great campaigns.
They are successful
doing what they're doing.
>>SMITH: Sure.
I mean, it's exciting news
to see something like that.
It's intriguing.
And it affects the
general population
into what they believe in.
The best way to do it
is in broad daylight
by just making a
movie and giving you
that idea these things
got 10 tentacles.
And they're going to come lay
an egg in your sinus cavity.
So that's been going
on since day one,
and that's the
easiest, best way.
It's right in front of
you-- the disinformation.
All the stuff that they're
doing to try to control us
is right in front of you.
And they do it
through the media.
They do it through movies.
They do it through TV shows.
But the good thing is a
lot of people know that.
And a lot of people--
it actually opens you
up a little bit more,
too, in accepting different
races and different people
from around the universe if
something were to come out.
But the bad thing
is to say that this
is going to be a very
evil agenda they know.
>>GEORGE: How does the
public know the difference
between the real thing
and the false thing,
where it looks authentic
or maybe it's not?
How do we know this?
>>SMITH: That is the most
difficult thing to decipher.
Usually when a really
authentic video comes out
and they didn't
catch it in time,
it'll be chased by a
bunch of other fake videos
that they'll disinform
the public about
or showing a similarity
to this specific video.
And that's what
throws everyone off.
Because then you're saying,
oh, well, these five
are already proven fake.
So this one must be fake.
It's so similar.
>>GEORGE: But it's the
real one, probably.
>>SMITH: And it's the
real thing going on.
And this happens a lot
all around the world,
usually in other
countries, because they
can get it uploaded faster
than we can here in the US
without it being taken off.
>>GEORGE: What has technology
done to disinformation?
Because now, you can
do incredible things
with video editing,
with audio editing,
with computer graphics.
You can do all kinds of
things to distort people.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
How can you trust
any video where
I could take a picture
with a friend of mine
and make it look like you?
Or have a video
shot where it looks
like you and I were
having dinner somewhere
and talking and
verbalizing secrets--
>>GEORGE: And even putting
words into our mouth.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
So it's gone to a whole
linear effect of negativity,
because you can't
trust anything anymore.
It's really hard to do that.
And the best thing
is getting people
behind it-- witnesses
that can come public
and say, yes, this
is what happened.
I took this video.
Here's all the people around me.
For instance, on one
of my CE-5s there
was a light being in front
of me-- a very small being.
One of the most world-famous
civilian pictures that I took.
And luckily, there
was people there.
So when I took everyone's
name down, just
to make sure we have the proper
authorization to show something
like this and say, hey, it's
not me shooting a video,
or a picture saying,
oh, well, I saw it.
>>GEORGE: Exactly.
>>SMITH: Well, I wasn't
the only one who saw it.
There was other witnesses.
So when these massive
events happen around
the planet in Mexico
City, over Washington, DC,
and it gets filmed, and there's
a mass group of individuals
looking at this, I think that
really helps tell the public,
OK, well, even if 90% of
all these or 95% or 99%
of all these videos on YouTube
are fakes, even if 1% is real,
it's pretty amazing stuff.
So I think the
public really needs
to decipher that on
their own, and doing
their own investigations, and
looking at these technologies,
because you can
fake anything now.
>>GEORGE: The late Roger
Leir was an expert in alien
or some kind of implant
removal from people.
He was convinced that
the implants were
of some extraterrestrial
measures put in people
for tracking and other reasons.
Have you looked at the
alien implant phenomenon?
>>SMITH: I don't get into
the alien implant phenomena.
I have removed a lot
of debris and things.
A lot of people have
metal in their body.
I don't know how they really got
there, which they do give off
energy and frequency.
>>GEORGE: So you're saying
those could be natural?
>>SMITH: I think they
are natural phenomena.
But I can't say that
I've done more than just
over a few hundred
of these procedures.
But I've never
seen anything that
would relate to it of someone
placing it now into the body,
or another being, or it being
actually put into the body.
>>GEORGE: You don't think it
could be done by governments
to track people or--
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: --do something?
That's a possibility.
>>SMITH: That can
definitely be done.
They have a higher type of
technology for that, though.
Scars are different.
If you see very odd scars on
the body that don't make sense,
they've been inoculated.
>>GEORGE: And they're kind
of welt looking, right?
>>SMITH: Not that they have
a welt, but an actual scar,
or a bruise or
something that doesn't
look-- that's in a
specific shape, let's say.
These people have
been inoculated.
I mean, they can get
inoculated just walking.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>SMITH: Amazing things.
>>GEORGE: Do they have
to brush against you?
>>SMITH: They could
just brush against you.
You wouldn't even know it.
>>GEORGE: Like a bump?
>>SMITH: There's just a bump.
And this has happened
to myself and my team
just this past six months.
And I was contaminated
at the airport in Denver.
>>GEORGE: Did you
get sick there?
>>SMITH: I didn't
get sick, but I
did have to take very
serious precautionary methods
through some special physicians
to help get this stuff out
of my body.
>>GEORGE: How did
they get it into you?
>>SMITH: They bumped into me.
Three guys in sweatshirts
bumped into me.
>>GEORGE: Three different bumps?
>>SMITH: Oh, yeah,
three different bumps.
I don't think they got
me the first two times.
But I didn't think about it,
because it was really crowded.
>>GEORGE: At the airport?
>>SMITH: Right.
And it wasn't till a couple
of my close friends when I was
in my T-shirt said, hey, what's
that weird circle with a dot
in the middle--
>>GEORGE: On your
arm or something?
>>SMITH: --and with
10 dots around it?
Yeah, I have pictures of it.
And it showed this inoculation.
And I know what that was.
And I was like, oh, they got me.
>>GEORGE: Did you feel it?
>>SMITH: No, did not feel it.
It happened so fast that--
and it's done with such
a very small device.
The imprint is about the
size of a dime with a--
>>GEORGE: And what
would the intent
be, Emery, of doing this to you?
>>SMITH: I believe it was just
for tracking, because I've
been going a lot off
the grid lately and not
carrying my phone with me.
And it gets them nervous.
I don't think they were
trying to kill me or anything,
but the existence of these--
these nanomites were
proven and detected.
So I had to go
through a little bit
of a special detox-type
program that we have.
And it was all fixed
within about 48 hours.
>>GEORGE: They've
appeared at your doorstep.
They've appeared at
airports threatening you.
Why do they continue to
let you say what you say?
>>SMITH: I'm not saying anything
that someone else actually
may or may not have leaked out,
even though the public doesn't
know about it.
They are not really
worried about me
talking about extraterrestrials,
talking about my experience
in underground facilities.
They are upset about me
moving forward, talking
about future technologies before
it's the right time, which
I can understand a little bit.
Because a lot of
these technologies
could be used not for the
betterment of mankind,
so we have to be very safe.
But I still need to
educate people about that.
Yeah, we have these answers, OK?
And they're trying to
be slow on releasing.
They don't want the
iPhone 20 out right now.
They want it to slowly
release these cures
and release these devices
and the information.
But since I've come
forward, there's
been 15, 20 different
devices that
have come out since
November, because I just
slipped a little bit about
the information about it.
And the corporations
now are all over the IPs
trying to get these things out.
So they're listening
to these shows.
And they're listening
to what I'm saying.
And they're kind
of sick of it, too,
because they have
someone over them,
making sure this doesn't happen.
But when someone like me
comes along and starts
talking about it, well, then
they have to do something.
And they are either going
to have to make money off it
or completely bury it.
And they rather make
some money off it
and release-- say,
well, yeah, what
he said about this-- there's
a little bit of truth
behind it with science.
So they're upset.
The attacks are coming at
me because, really, it's
more about that than it
is with the ET stuff.
They don't care whether
people believe ETs exists
or not, because there's no
money in talking about ETs.
>>GEORGE: They're concerned
about planetary issues that
affect their pocketbook.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
>>GEORGE: What keeps pushing
you, Emery, to tell the public
about disinformation?
>>SMITH: Well, what
drives me is the fact
that I was involved
with technologies
that needed to come out.
And they're suppressing
technologies
with disinformation, saying
they can't make this technology.
Yet, oh, we can't do this yet.
That's impossible.
Smith-- what's he talking about?
Zero energy devices.
I mean, we're so far away
from that, but we're not.
We're so more
advanced than this.
And since I know
the truth, I want
to expose that truth
for these technologies
to get out and help
clean up the planet,
and help cure the world
of disease and famine,
and get clean, potable
water to the world.
People are just waiting to
have fresh water for God sakes.
So it's these things that drive
me to come here and sit next
to you and educate the world.
Because I'm not the
only scientist out there
that can do this.
There's hundreds of thousands
of amazing, bright people that
have come to me with the
most amazing inventions that
just blow my mind.
But at the same
time, they're so--
they're scared to come
forward, which I understand.
>>GEORGE: You've got
the guts to do it.
>>SMITH: And I'll do it.
I'll speak for you.
I'll get up here.
Everyone knows.
I'm coming out here.
And I'm going to
represent you guys.
And you don't have to do it
if you're not comfortable yet.
And I've recently-- just have
a few scientists come forward
and some more insiders making
preparations for their families
to come forward and
talk to you and I.
So it is affecting people--
what we're doing here and
talking about it, because it
puts it out into the ether.
And it makes these
scientists feel
a little bit more comfortable.
And I'm still here.
So let's do this.
Let's do it together
and let's get it out.
>>GEORGE: I consider
you a patriot.
>>SMITH: Well, thank you.
>>GEORGE: I was at an
event a couple months ago
and a couple came up to me.
And they said, what do
you think of Emery Smith?
And I had already interviewed
you on "Beyond Belief" on Gaia.
And I said, I think
he's the real deal.
He's got more guts
than most humans,
because he's putting
his neck on the line.
At any moment, that neck
could be chopped off.
But there's nothing that
would stop you, is there?
>>SMITH: They've taken
everything from me, George.
Everything.
I've been shot, stabbed,
tortured, kidnapped.
I mean, I'm not going anywhere.
They know it.
So I'm here.
And I'm going to keep
going as long as I can.
And thanks to viewers that
you have and that Gaia has
and other individuals
who stand by me.
It motivates me to keep going.
And I have nothing
to lose anymore.
I don't have anything.
So I'm here to represent
those people that
do have the fear,
because I have no fear.
And I am not stopping.
>>GEORGE: As you know,
Emery, "Cosmic Disclosure"
is continuing with special
guest hosts and new insiders
as well as continuing to
tell your story, that very
important story.
As a regular to the show,
do you have more information
to tell the world?
>>SMITH: I have a lot
to tell the world,
so I'm glad to be here and be
able to express the things that
have happened to me
and the things that
are coming for the world.
>>GEORGE: Quite a
hero, my friend.
Quite a hero.
>>SMITH: Thank you.
>>GEORGE: We here at
Gaia are committed
to revealing the truth.
Please contact us
through our private email
if you've been involved in
these types of secret programs
and are ready to tell the truth.
I'm George Noory and thank
you for watching this episode
of "Cosmic Disclosure."
And stick around.
Believe me, we are
just getting started.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: There's many planets
out there that started around
the same time we did.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: And they're
a lot more advanced
than we are because they
didn't have this control
factor of these corporations.
>>GEORGE: Too much greed here.
>>SMITH: Yes, too much greed.
>> They were a secret society
that had reached out to channel
alien communications.
Part of that communication
that they received
were blueprints for
advanced technology.
>>SMITH: Getting down into
this hole, there's this craft.
And all of this stuff is
emanating a very interesting
glow.
>> A bioluminescent glow.
[THEME MUSIC]